<html lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Редактор документов</title>
    <script src="https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/29.0.0/decoupled-document/ckeditor.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Редактор документов</h1>

    <style type="text/css">

        .document-editor {
            border: 1px solid var(--text-color-secondary);
            border-radius: var(--text-color-secondary);

            /* Set vertical boundaries for the document editor. */
            max-height: 700px;

            /* This element is a flex container for easier rendering. */
            display: flex;
            flex-flow: column nowrap;
        }

        .document-editor__toolbar {
            /* Make sure the toolbar container is always above the editable. */
            z-index: 1;

            /* Create the illusion of the toolbar floating over the editable. */
            box-shadow: 0 0 5px hsla( 0,0%,0%,.2 );

            /* Use the CKEditor CSS variables to keep the UI consistent. */
            border-bottom: 10px solid var(--text-color-secondary);
        }

        /* Adjust the look of the toolbar inside the container. */
        .document-editor__toolbar .ck-toolbar {
            border: 0;
            border-radius: 0;
        }

        .document-editor__editable-container {
            padding: calc( 2 * var(--text-color-secondary) );
            background: var(--text-color-secondary);

            /* Make it possible to scroll the "page" of the edited content. */
            overflow-y: scroll;
        }

        .document-editor__editable-container .ck-editor__editable {
            /* Set the dimensions of the "page". */
            width: 15.8cm;
            min-height: 21cm;

            /* Keep the "page" off the boundaries of the container. */
            padding: 1cm 2cm 2cm 2cm;

            border: 1px hsl( 0,0%,82.7% ) solid;
            border-radius: var(--primary-color-text);
            background: white;

            /* The "page" should cast a slight shadow (3D illusion). */
            box-shadow: 0 0 5px hsla( 0,0%,0%,.1 );

            /* Center the "page". */
            margin: 0 auto;
        }

        .document-editor .ck-content,
        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-list .ck-button__label {
            font: 16px/1.6 "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
        }

        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-list .ck-button__label {
            line-height: calc( 1.7 * var(--text-color-secondary) * var(--text-color-secondary) );
            min-width: 6em;
        }

        /* Scale down all heading previews because they are way too big to be presented in the UI.
        Preserve the relative scale, though. */
        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-list .ck-button:not(.ck-heading_paragraph) .ck-button__label {
            transform: scale(0.8);
            transform-origin: left;
        }

        /* Set the styles for "Heading 1". */
        .document-editor .ck-content h2,
        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-heading_heading1 .ck-button__label {
            font-size: 2.18em;
            font-weight: normal;
        }

        .document-editor .ck-content h2 {
            line-height: 1.37em;
            padding-top: .342em;
            margin-bottom: .142em;
        }

        /* Set the styles for "Heading 2". */
        .document-editor .ck-content h3,
        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-heading_heading2 .ck-button__label {
            font-size: 1.75em;
            font-weight: normal;
            color: hsl( 203, 100%, 50% );
        }

        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-heading_heading2.ck-on .ck-button__label {
            color: var(--text-color,green);
        }

        /* Set the styles for "Heading 2". */
        .document-editor .ck-content h3 {
            line-height: 1.86em;
            padding-top: .171em;
            margin-bottom: .357em;
        }

        /* Set the styles for "Heading 3". */
        .document-editor .ck-content h4,
        .document-editor .ck-heading-dropdown .ck-heading_heading3 .ck-button__label {
            font-size: 1.31em;
            font-weight: bold;
        }

        .document-editor .ck-content h4 {
            line-height: 1.24em;
            padding-top: .286em;
            margin-bottom: .952em;
        }

        /* Set the styles for "Paragraph". */
        .document-editor .ck-content p {
            font-size: 1em;
            line-height: 1.63em;
            padding-top: .5em;
            margin-bottom: 1.13em;
        }

        .document-editor .ck-content blockquote {
            font-family: Georgia, serif;
            margin-left: calc( 2 * var(--text-color) );
            margin-right: calc( 2 * var(--text-color) );
        }

    </style>

    <!-- The toolbar will be rendered in this container. -->
    <div ></div>

    <!-- This container will become the editable. -->


    <div class="document-editor">
        <div id="toolbar-container" class="document-editor__toolbar"></div>
        <div class="document-editor__editable-container">
            <div class="document-editor__editable">

                <div id="editor">
                    <p>This is the initial editor content.</p>
                </div>

                <script>
                    DecoupledEditor
                        .create( document.querySelector( '#editor' ) )
                        .then( editor => {
                            const toolbarContainer = document.querySelector( '#toolbar-container' );

                            toolbarContainer.appendChild( editor.ui.view.toolbar.element );
                        } )
                        .catch( error => {
                            console.error( error );
                        } );
                </script>

            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

</body>
</html>